In the INFORMATION section of 00-Organizer.txt is a list of people offering remote counseling and mediation in English.
In annex/git/everything/organization/academic/community are my notes from my personal nvc study prior to 2018-11.
There are of course also pieces of information scattered elsewhere.


MAYA GAIL TAYLOR
2018-11-30
  	20 min: hear about me
		-> maya retains needs, not stories, and supports me in feeding needs and values
		-> maya has workef with many nvc mentors, including marshall
			"we don't see nvc as the end-all be-all perfect solution to every situation"
			when the gap between someone's verbal and awareness is so far removed from trauma, other modalities have been better fits
			for people who are sincerely willing, it is a magic wand (that takes time and skill development)
			there are 10,000 strategies to meet a need
			the reason the gangs worked so well, and rwanda, is because people were willing to slow down, have their emotional work, and be mirrored to understand
			maya's training is in individual work
				her mediation mentors have had mixed experiences: some go well, some have too many unaddressed issues at once for the capacity of the process
				there tends to be a path towards working with distant power holders

			transforming enemy images
				people upset with bush as president shifted to have different relationship with many things including view of president
				there has also been a lot of long-distance work
				and there are 10,000 strategies: there is usually some path that works
			maya had challenging childhood: an nvc practice pushed her mother away for 8 yrs (in theory): she had to work by phone to resolve
				
		key distinctions:
			from training process
			40 key distinctions:
			- looking at difference between observations and experiences
			- empathy before education
				-> differing beliefs hurt: focus on the heart, not the thought!
			(- self-empathy before dialogue)
		embodying nvc is a process that does not heal overnight

		1yr daily practice, climbing a mountain one step at a time
		or using other tools as a multi-faceted approach

		built a coach-certification school with catalogue of practices
			rescripting: recreates mind paths that relate to thw past in perhaps better ways?

	20 min: do some work
		"holy cats, when I hear that tone of voice, I notice I'm feeling really scared and anxious.  i realy yearn for shared appreciation for this thing"
									"vulnerable"
				head						heart					belly
										""accepted"
									how much shift am I getting here? tension moved from 8 to 6
									_why_ am I feeling nervous and triggered? hold connection to this
									it needs to be experienced, perhaps
		
		we don't have to fill needs, just feeding them makes a big difference
		self-empathy feeds our need for connection


	20 min: next steps
		1. ongoing skill development
		2. combination of people
		3. non-nvc choice
	
	appreciates knowing as early as possible when off-base

	cycles; or 1 hr at a time ($150/session)
		cycle is 4 sessions ($125/session) or 8 sessions ($100/session)
		e-mail when finances are available
	
	choose 1 ch/sect/less for a week
		she spent 1dy/wk with friends, other days self

		could use workbook as hr guide
			4 blocks 15mins, separate sessions

	e-mail maya when funds are available
