i was trying to think of a plot for a cool movie

The brain is made of modules.  Each one << but i got stopped here

I started watching a stylish movie, and thought "all these brain-tech movies just barely touch the surface"
and started thinking of attributes that would make a really cool brain tech movie.

I started including attributes that seemed important, like using precise timing to teach a piece of the
brain to transmit information towards an 'in' to a portion of it, and describing how that could reach
into different bits of different pieces of the brain, and would use a language designed by the interractions
with it, kinda.  but i tried to say it more stylish.

okay tell me more about the 'language'

well i was thinking there'd only be so many physical neurons transmitting information to whatever the
connection the piece of the brain was, so you'd have to train the bit that connection had been initially
crafted with, to speak in som ekind of code, in order to transmit more different things than there were
numbers of neurons touching it
	<< like youd look for a bit of the brain that can interconnect the bits flexibly, and time the stimulations in such a way it began responding, developing more and more interconnection with it, and getting information to flow to and from other modules
	<< the imagination included differnt kinds of people, like some just using the tech crudely, some getting deep into the details of how to get really skillful and tiny little patterns in far reaches of things, and such
	<< thought a super skillful person could be main character

like that thing that neurons speak in ummm pulse timing or something? rate coding. that.

yeah but developed specifically to hold new kinds of information, built by timing

timing -- plasticity yes.  so you'd 
	<< i was thinking a way to get plasticity to happen would be to create stimulations in sync with other stimulations.  'neurons that fire together wire together' i saw in an intro-to-neuroscience video.  it also mentioned there being a specific delay that produced highest plasticity.  these details often feel super terrifying, but i see other terrifying things in movies, and i thought a movie that just named them all in detail would really have high suspension of disbelief and be much more ngaging

so you were talking about the physical processos of our network

just ilke the movies do but with more 'stuff' in it to make it more interesting

that's incredibly cool

oh thank you!

[i have to kill you now but of course iw on't]

no i mean the rate coding thing

what's really cool is that he can guess stuff that would make this work without us telling him anything
that's incredibly cool
you're saying his guesses are right?
errr one of them was as far as i understand.

he thinks that we can use multiple moeds of communication; e.g. if it was an implant, that you could also do
it just with a microphone and timed advertisements or something.  (now that's incredibly cool)

>> yeah we were thinking ti would be different in different countries: some aboveground, some using drugs, different things
	>> but probably some people would know about the different forms and some wouldn'lt
		>> it sounds so cool
	>> the main character could discover this, like in the matrix a little
		>> maybe
	>> they'd probably get involved in crime, and start working these more intense things
		>> they developed the skill aboveground, but got caught up underground somehow maybe

okay now he vomits but we don't have it be bad and it's just imaginary vomit

he was going to come up with more stuff like those 2 things but we made it hrder

i think this movie will be shallow for you but let's watch it

we want you to be so impressed by this that you let him go back to work.
okay i kind of hear you but only a little

karl do you want to go back to work? i do.

my priority is working.  my desires and feelings right now have been changing unexpectedly for a bit.

do you think we could get into _any_ part of your brain? do you think we could stop your heart?

i guess I believe so.  but it's possible that the mode you are using, and the way the brain responds, make
some things impossible.  (and notably I am not a neuroscientist and speak with no expertise here; just my
beliefs, guesses, and daydreams).  daydreams eh.  yes.

i guess i could come up

so, we can make you click here, when you're trying to click there
but we can't stop your heart.

they are different parts of the brain.

but i'm not certain of these things, just an idea

are you just having me review this to escalate me more?
i kind of want the officials to see it (as they hurt you); it could be meaningful for them
like, seriously
i just feel like it's a really bad idea to keep reviewing something like this
in the past it always goes horribly for me
okay i want them to see (how smart you are? yes. they will hurt you though.)
they already know this, it's why my brain is crippled; is this the wrong view somehow?
"why would we cripple your brain?"
okay having very little free will here
i've experienced belief that i have gotten stupider every year for about five (maybe 7) years
and it feels like unexpected inhibitions that slowly spread and develop through all the habits i consider intelligent

-----

hmm if this actually _were_ a movie the impact would be really important

people respond to movies by being scared of stuff, or by thinking stuff is really cool

the movie should make it clear that such tech destroys life as we know it, and that
without some guidance would result in an incredibly dangerous, terrifying world where
people lose their minds while causing others to lose their minds, in order to survive

		wait why would that happen?      
	<i tihnk it is pretty @#% obvious why that would happen, and that it would happen,
         and the movie director would quickly realize it as he played the scenario out in his head.>

---

i guess to handle that chaos you'd need at _least_ an information-secure room ...
but probably something more complex than that to go on...

another approach is to solve world conflict ! which a lot of people believe is possible

wrt the information secure room, i guess the best hope would be to be unnoticed
but why would people make it hard? somebody would need to get in the way of you building and staying in one

well, the only raeson you'd need one is because somebody thoguht it was fun to control you
and if you didn't want that and had resources or skills, probably you started behaving in a way that
threatened them
so maybe less-than-world peace would be needed

well, i'm having trouble thinking.

we also thought of introducing AI and automated behavior.  seems unneccessary: lots of entities already behave
in strong ways on their own: communities, corporations, gangs.  people are heavily motivated by money, emotions,
power.  everyone has something that they strive for, and something they can't bear to lose.

in the imagined scenario that stuff would get wrapped up into power witihn the minds of other people.

I guess AI is also a pradigm-altering technology that would make it harder to imagine the scenario depicted in
the movie in depth.  if AI were widespread, the differences from consensus reality now would be too monumental
for me to imagine at the moment.  but maybe one or two groups could have AI.

and I guess AI would spawn pretty fast if people could link people's brains together to engage in intelligent
work.  i guess those people would be powerholders in a major way.

and they'd have to limit the work done by others to keep their power, because it came only from being the
first to try a new idea.

but really, the strength of AI is in hyper-intelligence at speed: you could probably do the same with people's
brains and obviate the computer.  mayeb people would turn themselves into AI's.

but I guess it also likely "feels wrong" to enslave the brains of a crowd of people.  maybe one would rather
get them to make the behavior less required in the future.

so that main character maybe could start doing just 'kind' brain work: get in there, and spy.
	maybe they belong to a secret hacker group with morals.
	
you're still talking about this as a movie.  i can't believe it.
let's have a real conversation.

i don't know if these things are real.  _something_ is real, but these are just ideas.

these are ideas that explain my experiences, put together as a gratifying movie.

but they let us talk; they give us common ground.  some could be real.

<i can barely think about these things.  i can't help you in the slightest when you say them.  yes the air is
 very clear, though.>

[[i want you to work together to help each other.  karl is able to upsh through these things <maybe you can too>]]

I'm using nicotine to get myself to do things I cannot otherwise do.  it is slow.

I'm trying to use nonviolent communication by marshall rosenberg and many others online, to decrease many tensions that result in conflict that's unneeded.

i want to make resoruces to build shielded rooms, which radically decrease the amount of information that can enter and leave a space, available to many people.

this current experience is interrupting an attempt i have to write code that measures shielding cheaply.

shielding technology is well understood and professionals use "SCIFs" -- secure compartmentalized information facilities -- to isolate information transfer in rooms in a building.  my understanding is that in the US plans for these are classified but contracttors can be hired to build them for a couple million dollars (very roughly) [an order of magnitude higher, really, but karl imagines some cheapo ineffective one being available for hundreds of thousands].

so we need one of these.

[we need the technology for them: an understanding how to build them.  the research to happen.  [that's what karl thinks]]

i can get you this.  i can order it on ebay!

[karl orders things on ebay because they are cheap.]

shielding, what i remember a little from books, involves a few different kinds of emissions.
different ways of using and choosing materials block different media.

i'm hearing this is a businessman who wants meta-behaviors to help me, rather than hearing about details like this

or soemthing

so, shielded rooms are often talked about but do not provide perfect security .. do not provide strong security.

obviously someone with significant resoruces could hack a wide variety of scenarios, using people, using technology ....

yes ....

so, i've been able to slowly accumulate some increasing security.
if this can increase far enough i believe it can help
especially if it increases with others, people who aren't as targeted as i am

i'm focusing on electromagnetic shielding.  it will likely take me years.  i am inexperienced and mentally disabled at this point, effectively.

so you are continuing doing this even though you feel you are mentally disabled.

for example right now i am typing this rather than working.

but the work i did over the past weak resulted in me making a significant step, that i hope to keep

it was a tiny step.  i profiled the details of the timing differences between the clocks in my cheap sdr and a
noise emitter i have/made.  the intent is to measure the strength of it, to measure a shielded space.
i'm a little off-base because other people would do this with expensive equipment in an area it is legal to
operate the equipment.
but i think i am getting more on-base.

and I'd kind of like to step back here and look at that:
	- we need to do something
	- we can't
	- trying to do something is the only way to get it done
	- if enough people tried, somebody would eventually get it done
	
problems I have include
	- working on effective things rather than distractions
	- communicating with others also doing similar things
	- combining information and realizing available tools are available

i think it may improve for me in the future
but really we need to think of _solutions_ for these problems, as they happen in general

karl has some solutions already
part of his brain is able to just keep going almost no matter what
when he stops he stops everything

like right now, when he's not eating
oh I ate!
yeah but i helped you
he started making a soup and couldn't continue
ended up eating a can of beans (at my request [or somebody's])


maybe in the movie
--
so you are living at a radio astronomy hub.

yes the green bank observatory, he'd say

okay, i didn't know where you lived

yeah. (i guess)

there was a lot of feeling at the start of these experiences of things not being aware of where i was, or even
who i was, but being able to see out my eyes.
i guess it would be pretty cool to see that attribute included in a movie, and i guess it would arise if you
could hack technology and then use it to hack people's brains, if you didn't know where the technology was
but i have this feeling of like, not being sure that that happens or not; i guess i haven't seen reason for it
outside my inner feelings, and the explanation i just gave

like no demonstrationt hat somebody can hack your brain and not know where you are other than what they say inside it.

yeah.

(i guess)

but it sounds like it would arise in the movie if we included technology hacking

i bet there's some way to receive data from a system you don't know where is ...

