Okay um

1. write the date
2. explain what I'm doing

Sat 2018-05-19 06:44 America/New_York

I'm having a rough time, but I'm having trouble figuring out the nature of the roughness.

I think part of the rough experience is sudden bursts of working memory loss that are so strong I don't even remember them right after they happened.  One of them I remembered.

These bursts make it hard to pursue small goals (like sitting up, eating food, or having a train of thought I intend to have) because I will forget the goal shortly after begin
the process of pursuing it.  The forgetting subjectively feels pretty nasty, so I also get a subtly feeling of not wanting to pursue the goal, because it is followed by a nasty
experience.  Since I forget the experience it's hard to know why it is I'm choosing not to do the goal.

I'm also having other forms of sudden inhibition that make more sense to me and are more familiar to me; that I can remember.  Like feeling my arms or body pushed away from what
I'm doing, or being suddenly jerked towards something else, having a sudden invasive, intense desire to reconsider the choice, etc.

I guess I thought I'd work hard to have a consistent experience.  I usually do this in my head by focusing on something that seems to not trigger the issues, but that isn't working
for me very productively at this time, because of the intense experiences of my working memory emptying.  So let's see if I can do it in writing!

The plan is usually:
1. find a state where I can stay in the state somewhat relaxed; gives me a feeling of autonomy
2. make use of that state to try to figure out what I am trying to do outside of the state and make steps to pursue it

I'm having a sudden desire to eat another carrot (I just ate one).  I'm also losing connection to "the plan" above.

I'm playing Bach loudly which feels helpful to me.  (just grabbed carrot and am eating).  It was playing all night (well shostakovich was).  I woke up and suddenly felt a little annoyed at it so turned it off.
My mind was then in a state that subjectively felt worse to me than usually, what with the intense bursts of memory loss etc.

Part of this state is a sense of not being in control of what I think and do and it being very hard to resist doing and thinking things I don't want to do.  The loud Bach is helpful
because it is unexpected and affects my inner experience strongly enough to give me responses that are different from the ones I'm trying to resist, I think.  Not totally sure.

I'm trying to think about "the plan" above and when I do I feel my eyes pushed to the upper right and sense of distress.

This is difficult.  Let's just try to follow the plan.  First step might be to try to adjust the plan to make sense.

1. Find a state where I can stay in the state somewhat relaxed.  Return to this state when distressed.
  => the bach is helpful but doesn't quite cut it
  => I'll try taking some anti-anxiety meds.
  1a take 2 lorazepam and 1 cbd

Okay, I'm working towards taking 2 lorazepam and 1 cbd.
I put the phone in meds mode, ready for me to log taking a med.

This approach to writing things down is helpful for me right now.  I feel pretty able to take these meds by looking at the written instructions I've made to write them.  I'm suspecting
that my biggest issue at the moment is sudden working memory loss.

I grabbed my meds bag and looked inside it, but I keep the lorazepam on my pants belt.  I think the CBD is in there somewhere though.

I got the CBD.  I became distracted by imagining showing this record to a counselor, and I forgot I was getting the CBD.
I won't put away the meds bag yet because I still have the CBD which belongs inside it.
I'm finding the lorazepam.
oh! it's with the ibuprofen!  dr boubolis told me to take that at times like this.  I'll take that too.

okay, I have the cbd, the lorazepam, and the ibuprofen
1 cbd       [X] the cbd tastes really really strongly like pot to me; I want to get katie's cbd from cornucopia; i think it was called charlotte's web.  i want to add that to a todo list ... I guess it would go in my green laptop.  here I go ... [X] the keyboard in my laptop has frozen up so I'm rebooting it
2 lorazepam [X]
1 ibuprofen [X]
okay I took the meds I planned to take!  the ibuprofen tasted very spicy today, like hot peppers, it hurts my tongue.  I recall some other time it tasted sweet, maybe I'm misremembering
[X] add task to laptop, mentioned above
[ ] remove? 1. 2. plan higher up and follow it with goal of revising it to be appropriate for current situation
    i don't want to remove the plan !  not sure what I meant here

1. Find a state where I can stay in the state somewhat relaxed.  Return to the state when distressed.  Try to process step #2 in this state and consider how to revise this 1. 2. plan
   to apply to the present moment.

Okay I think we're focusing on this step #1 _as_ a hopefully relaxing state.  I'll try to stay in it just without regard to how relaxed I am, kind of it can be the baseline, and the
consistency of being able to remember it can hopefully be relaxing.

Maybe ??? I have no clue???
I'm having sudden desires to do things that will cause me to lose my train of thought, like peeing or sleeping.

I'd kind of like to play a video game on my phone or something that will at least keep me in the state of playing it.  But earlier I had big goals!  OH I REMEMBER!
Okay my tent is stinky.  I came in here and it smelled like poop.  It's embarassing but I'm also worried it smells because I masturbated a day or two ago and haven't done anything to
make it smell nice since.
So I remember I have this goal this morning.  That's great.  I know I also want to follow my morning routine.  But I'm scared I'll be overwhelmed by a sudden intense desire to play
a computer game for a long time, which could prevent me from making my tent smell nicer.

1. make tent smell nicer -> have a shift with katherine in only a few hours !!
2. do morning routine
3. do more stuff ! <- I'm working on measuring electrode impedance, and on making a secure logging system.  When I go out of the tent I need to comment on a bounty post I received.
   ^-- okay #3 is too long and complex
4. break up #3, review 1. 2. plan <-- I'm blocked around this stuff

entering state of distress
focusing on phone music.  experiences have adapted to it; I'll switch the song
okay!  so lets have our relaxing state be focusing on the phone music.  If that stops working, I'll switch the song.
jeremy likes to tell me to focus on my body, too, maybe I should do that ... it seems so obvious I don't expect it to really work but anything helps
state of distress again
music and body seems helpful.  gotta make sure i include this writing/journaling in the state
okay we're doing music and body focus with writing
i remember there are tasks outside of this I want to do
i have two lists above, a 1 2 plan and a 1 2 3 4 morning goals
referencing them produces a pain in my body and distracts me and i'm focused on the body and the music less.
i'll call focusing on the body and the music some short word to quickly refer to
i'm totally out of the state trying to come up with the word.
the word will be 'word' WORD means focus on your phone music and your body and write down what's up.
WORD.
I'm focusing on phone music  ... i'm adding body ... i'm writing down.
WORD again as practice
phone music ... body ... writing down ... i didn't do body I just wrote it
okay body and phone music  i'm in word i want to reference my two lists i'm working on
i'm out of word a little
phone music body i'm going to use a written structure to remember the lists
I'm working on the 1 2 plan.  I'm on step 1.
music body ... I entered a state of distress trying to access the plan but now I know to use the written spot rather than access it in my mind

let's paste the plans in there

an experience has entered me where I feel like I am "bragging" about how poor I am doing by approaching my tasks so methodically.  Liek I just want to show off how rough it is
for me by replaying the recording of this to somebody else.  I feel this very honestly!  But if I follow this feeling I may stop using the methodical approach to my tasks.
When I wasn't using this approach I couldn't remember what I was doing long enough to do it.  So I think it's good to keep doing this for a bit.  Let's try to get through more
of the lists.

my right eye became painful; I rubbed it for a while, and remembered WORD and then in WORD remembered to write down what was up.
I'm wording again.  I feel distressed
face is itching
trying to wrod more, resisting body itching
i'm listening to bach play on my phone and focusing on the feeling of sitting on the floor on my legs.  bach has gotten subjectively louder.  last time this preceded it becoming
less effective, so I'm feeling more ready to change the song if needed.
i'm listening to bach play on my phone and focusing on the feeling of sitting on the floor on my legs and writing down my experience as I go through it.
the bach song has moved on to the next track.  the previous one I was more familiar with; I'd played it.  this track I'm more familiar with listening to; he doesn't play it how I
played it, and I never learned it very well.  I like how he plays it so far.
listening to slow bach music and focusing on the ground underneath me, the feeling of it, and writing my experience.
tried to make use of state, back to word
having trouble focusing on music having trouble moving hands to write
my right foot hurts from sitting on (didn't hurt a moment ago) I want to shift my position to make it feel nicer
or do I ???
okay word time
i'm going to find a louder, faster song on the phone
this one is louder and faster
i want to shift my position so my foot feels nicer
i'm moving my green computer which is in the way
position shifted !
okay listening to bach music and noticing feeling of floor and writing.
writing is usually incredibly hard for me it's funny to include it

freaking out a little
sharp pains in my right foot
i'll have another cbd and another ibuprofen
[X] 1 cbd ... i couldn't find my med phone (despite it playing music loudly) but found it ... then couldn't find the cbd in the bag ... i've grabbed the bag and am looking more found it
[X] 1 ibuprofen

yay took more pills
nose is running
putting meds back

yay

you know it's lots of work to stay in word and to write down at the same time, i wonder if there is some way to make it less work

maybe i'll take a break to play a level of a video game or lay still doing what my voices say, but set an alarm for 20 minutes to come back ?
but what if I get frozen and can't return?
i don't think i'll get frozen playing a video game.  that tends to happen when i'm laying still.
i'll try the video game with a 20 minute alarm.  the voices recommended 20 minutes; i was going to do 30 but they moved my finger.  i think 20 minutes is better.

i've set the timer in my phone

usually it's easy to play a video game but it's like slogging through mollasses this time
i couldn't find the video game but i now found it!
ha i like this video game but i have beaten it.  if i want to play more i have to buy the next set of levels

i'm kind of confused.
maybe i'll leave the tent and contact someone to spend time with me; wake scott up or call katie haha i don't have a phone

i seemed to want to call katie.  i'm not much interested in leaving the tent to wake scott up it seems.

OKAY!!! BACK TO WORD !!!
The bach music has gotten slower.  The track is finishing (he doesn't really drawn out conclusions).  It finished.  Next track!  oooh it's a speedy one.  my voices know it well
because I use it a lot because it's so speedy.  but it's still helpful to have it speedy.

It shard to describe how the floor feels.  I can feel a wire under my right foot.

I think my voices are just training me to have the 1 2 plan not work.  It gets harder and harder to leave WORD to do anything.
I'll make a point of forcing myself to address one of the steps in the lists, even if it makes me feel wonky.









1. 1 2 plan
  1. If freaking out, start a 5 minute alarm and WORD !
      WORD means focus on listening to music on your phone that helps, and on the feeling of the floor under your body.
     Don't make word a stressful thing you need to keep on doing, make it something you can reliably focus on when you're not sure what to focus on.

  2. When the alarm goes off, or once you're able to remember what you're doing better, move on.

  3. Refer to KEEP GOING strategy at least once a day to stay on task.









confused and strictacted i have 3 things im confused
3 things regard 1 2  plan
simplify after #2

  -> interrupted by intense intense ear itching ... might want to include awareness of intense brief distressful distracting states somewhere/somehow
  this seems like a good plan at the moment
  [X] adjust to not get stuck in state #1 ... we're tentatively trying a 5 minute alarm to prevent this I guess
      i've also rephrased the goal such that i'm not stressfully trying to maintain focus, rather i'm just holding it as something reliable to repeat
     i'll consider this task accomplished although i'm not confident the changes i made will meet the goal it describes
  [ ] adjust to make sure if I am blindly following it I will move on to include other goals

2. morning goals
  1. make tent smell nicer -> have a shift with katherine in only a few hours !!
  2. do morning routine
  3. do more stuff ! <- I'm working on measuring electrode impedance, and on making a secure logging system.  When I go out of the tent I need to comment on a bounty post I received.
     ^-- okay #3 is too long and complex
  4. break up #3, review 1. 2. plan <-- I'm blocked around this stuff


KEEP GOING STRATEGY:
  I'm not sure what to put here, but I made this as a thing to hold the confusing spot in my 1 2 list.
  I have the REVIEW ME items below and the "2. morning goals" items above that are relevent.


REVIEW ME:
  3. Make sure your activities are including things you need to get done today, or in this hour.

  4. If 3 is met, make sure your activities are including your general goals.

  3. Figure out what you are doing and make steps to continue to pursue it.


this is a distressful state to be in !!!
I want to have a goal that is helpful for me moving in my day to behave in.
but my goals are all confused behind the KEEP GOING STRATEGY.

did I finish the 1 2 plan updates?
 let's try it out.  keep going is confusing but maybe 5 minutes of wording could help.  i suddenly want to pee.  i'm worried if i pee i will forget this project
i'm sleepy tired
i don't want to lay down because i need to pee and i freeze when i lay down
okay I'll set a different 5 minute alarm!  it's a 5 minute alarm for being confused
i'll try to word more after the alarm goes off if I don't before it goes off

i'm going to add buying the next chapter of that video game to my out-of-tent goals.  done !

[X] label alarm 'focus on WORD and 1 2 plan' if possible
  i dunno what i pressed to make that line repeat a bunch but i couldn't control it.  my pinky finger did something
  the running alarm was 20 minutes ...  i'll label it labeled 'Activity Break / Return To Goal'
      -> I just noticed that I chose to fix the capitalization of my quote to match precisely the original.  Dr Boubolis mentioned obsessive-compulsiveness and a drug to take for it
  but I don't remember the drug and don't recall anybody mentioning it since.  how can I mark that somewhere to mention to somebody.
  I'll make a task to contact katie regarding it in my out-of-tent list [X] done ... got a little funny there
okay back to previous task ....... alarm ! label alarm .....
  [X] make a new 10 minute alarm
  [X] decide what to label the 10 minute alarm
        -> i labeled the 20 minute alarm based on what i was doing during it ... it would be consistent to label the 5 minute alarm the same way
          what am I doing during this alarm? oh i'm peeing !  lots of tingles in my right foot, distracting
        standing up to reduce tingles ...  tingles reduced but that was pretty exhausting
      -> okay, what i am doing during the 10 minute alarm is taking it easy, meeting my needs if meaningful, not struggling if meaningful ....  taking it easy
      after i'm done taking it easy i want to know what to return to ...  there we go
      okay so taking it easy, then back to WORD plan
      'Taking Easy / Back to WORD plan'
      10 minutes seems so short!  maybe at least 12? 15?
      didn't figure out how to readjust but it lets me add a minute when it's running
  [X] label the new 10 minute alarm
[ ] set 5 minute alarm and pee
  -> i wasn't able to pee, and was in distress for a bit, but eventually started doing some hard drive work which was pleasant and relaxing to me.  i didn't get very far though;
     i wanted to finish it.
   I still need to pee.  The alarm is still going off.  I don't want to turn it off because it is reminding me to pee.  But I guess have writing here to remind me, so I'll turn it off.
   I just marked this music as thumbs-up but when it resumed I was really annoyed at it.  maybe it's too loud; I'll turn it down a little
   okay i'm way out of how i planned for this writing to go
[ ] when alarm goes off do WORD and 1 2 list
ha my phone is already running an alarm! i don't remember what it's for!
i'd better label my alarms


[X] re-evaluate current behavior
  tired
  need to pee
  hungry
  worried that writing/planning behavior is just focusing on stress for the sake of focusing on it, making artificial obstacles i need to avoid to stay tense and focused
  tired
  i seem to be more tired than anything else but I don't know what to do about being tired.  bad time for melatonin; it's the morning.  i just slept all night as far as I remember
  well.  i'm tired of making myself do things.  i want it easy for a bit
  oh!  that's what the 5 minute alarm was for !!!!!
  okay let's bump it up to 20 minutes cause all that standing trying to get bloodflow to my foot to stop the tingling while worrying about stuff was pretty exhausting psychologically
  okay voices are helping me, reducing my feeling of psychological exhaustion, we're going to set the alarm for 10 minutes
  
i'm lost in this big long document
i'm doing ... there it is right above here

i dunno what to do i haven't peed but my alarm went off
it's hard to figure out how to continue and something else
i want to finish setting this hard drive up.  i was going to convert the 120v adapter to connect to my 12v battery system which makes me feel something fancy like i have special skills
to transform objects from one thing to another, like a shapechanger-wizard.
i feel a little more confused

okay back to wordiness
ummm 
[X] find the WORD description in this document
[ ] do 1 2 plan in upper pane

my phone is confusing.  I have an alarm that says 'Activity Break / Return To Goal' and one that says 'Taking Easy / Back to WORD Plan'.
These seem so so similar to me.  Isn't activity break the same as taking easy?

it's confusing to me but I know I labeled these alarms to help myself out
clearly I need labels that are more helpful than those I guess

r'm mentally exhausted and need to pee and sleepy? some kind of way the mental exhaustion also makes me physically exhausted ??
I got stuck in a confusion of pressing buttons on the keyboard i couldn't get out of when i tried to add a question mark to the above line
i'm not sure of the nature of my exhaustion but it is tiring to try to make myself do things, tiring to try to remember what i am doing,
and i want to lay down and be asleep for a long long time
i think it's two separate exhaustion feelings

the voices are wanting me to save the file and close up the log.  they point out that if i make it short by ending it i will feel better showing it to other people.  they refer to times
during the recording i've imagined showing it to other people.  another voice steps in and says i need to pee.
i see it's like a viewpoint conflict ... is this document to show yourself off to other people, or is it to help you in the moment?

i'm just doing voicey things now

ok um 1 2 plan ???
the 1 2 plan uses an alarm that's not on my phone
i'm stuck around the phone alarmsm because of ... confusion regarding the labels
i want the labels to be consistent and make sense.  if i just get a cloud of labels that don't make any sense to me it will not be helpful, it will be even worse than this moment now
where I am only considering 2 labels (i say these things to argue with my voices who say I am kjust being OCD and should forget about the labels).
I believe them that I am just being OCD but I think my argument makes a really good point, so I think if I am being OCD right now I should consider the OCD a helpful thing.

but it's not helpful in that you ... want to pee.

okay yes good point
let's compromise

new list





[ ] do the phone alarm thing by making a new alarm
      -> I came up with a helpful label solution!
      -> for this label I put a reference to this document regarding what the alarm is -- I ended it in "1 2 plan"
          I notice that when I'm very confused that's still not helpful.  I can go to the 1 2 plan, but it doesn't say exactly clearly and precisely what the alarm is about.
          Maybe a note that what's written there should make the alarm obvious, and if it doesn't make sense to me don't worry.
          Oh that's a great idea!  "don't worry" written to myself.  It's scary because what if I write it accidentally????
          Maybe still the idea I like.
          I think of WHY I would be stressfully wondering what my alarm is.
          I put a reference on the alarm to where I can look to figure out what it is.
          In the reference, I put an explanation that considers WHY I would be looking there.
          So "don't worry" is helpful because it would feel nice in thyat state and help my goal of the alarm making sense.
          A better solution might be a quick explanation of the alarm that is very clear, and worded to consider the state of mind I'd be in reading.
          "don't worry" is too dangerous because I write and say things accidentally all the time, and I can't randomly know that what I'm worrying about is not meaningful.
                      yeah if I didn't worry about not knowing what my possessions were I'd just accumulate a huge unusable mess
                      i need a way of recovering what my alarms about when/if I forget, or the whole alarm system could break down (could it? or is that hyperbole?)
          hahaha my 5 minute alarm just went off but i haven't starting WORDing yet.




[ ] do 1 of peeing or fixing the label system in my alarms





[ ] do the other
















yay compromise


i feel kind of stuck in this document-writing situation
i just want to pee and sleep
it's hard for me to pee and sleep while writing this document, apparently
maybe i'll do something else.
