I have an idea to possibly completely solve the electric field problem.

A box can be made completely enclosed by soldering all joints.
Soldering is relatively low temperature, so I think it would be feasible to have an electric door
which solders itself shut, and flows the solder to open.  This would be far more effective than fingerstock,
I expect.

With thin layers of copper or silver, many layers could be used with electric doors with heating elements around
the edges.  When powered, the doors flow their solder, lift a little, and slide off to the side.

Some challenges and concerns remain:
- Possibility of corrosion decreasing effectiveness over time.
- Impedance difference of tin solder vs. copper / silver wall
- Most importantly, how to power the middle door layers as they slide to the side.

I imagine a spring loaded power contact which powers the door closest to it by pressing against contacts.
When the door is powered, it disconnects by heating its solder to flow.
We then want the door to slide away, but if it slides out from under the contact, it will no longer be powered,
which is no good.
Maybe the doors can have contacts which extend past their edges?
The contact which powers them could be on a robotic arm.  Since the doors must be robotic, this may be reasonable.
Door is on tracks, has motors and heaters.
Robotic power contact presses door, powering it.
Door releases and powers motors to slide to the side (can even be controlled by contact, need not hold circuitry
in door).
The robotic contact can slide to the side with the door.
Once the door is slid, the contact must release, move on to the next door, and power it.
The contact arm would be affixed to the wall with the door.

Here's another "problem": the door can only be opened from the inside.
Maybe that's a good thing, but not always.  A quick solution would be to communicate with the inside to open
the door.  My imagined setup had two nested rooms, exchanging when they were open automatically.

So I guess there are horizontal tracks on the wall.  The arm would be in one; it would need a way of plugging
into each door and releasing.  That plus the nature of the tracks are maybe the remaining large challenges.
Since there is only 1 arm, we could use reasonable quality servos to make it quick, but still have some force.
Or with the right orientation, it could use strong DC or stepper motors.  It could be situated immediately above
or below the door, and have a small profile, not reaching down down into the face of the door.
So.  Tracks.  We can probably find a good track solution by looking into it a little.
I imagine the tracks might have teeth, and the wheels be gears that navigate along them.  They'd need some way
of preventing the thing they are holding from falling forward, which I imagine is provided for by such track
systems.
Toothed wheels like these running on tracks or rails or chain are called sprockets.
A linear motor would work for this.  They are used on other sliding doors.
the toothed rails are called RACKS; the wheels are cogs or pinions
the system is rack and pinion
looking at trains I expect a solution to prevent falling would be to have a separate guide shaft with something
hooked around it, or similar

Desoldering and lifting: how will we raise the door after desoldering it?  A simple solution would be to place
something on top of the copper wall that can take the heat but won't accept the solder (like carbon maybe)
.  Then we don't need to lift the wall; we can just slide it to the side!
If we don't pressure the wall we could run into an issue where the solder stops connecting with itself.  If there's
enough solder, it's likely there's a way to arrange it such that that won't be an issue, but it's pretty hard
to envision what that arrangement would be.
Another optio would be to have the objects on the tracks be a separate "doorframe" which has something that can
push out or pull in to connect or disconnect the door.  I guess that could be as simple as levels on a motor.
I could google linear actuators.

Hmm, linear actuators for doorframe to press door.
DC motors to slide door along toothed tracks.
I'll need some kind of plug and socket that is easy for a robot arm to press in to place.
The simplest solutio would just be large contacts that press with pressure.
Maybe a USB port would work; might not carry enough current though.
A cigarette lighter outlet might work.
Maybe contacts is the way to go.  If data is needed, maybe a USB port.
We can probably put springs like fingers on the side of channels, and shove pieces of metal into them, like
a normal socket.  So some kind of spring metal acceptor affixed to the top of the door, and some kind of
powered lever to shove a plug into the acceptor.
The thing is, the door opener needs to be able to find this acceptor blind.
Maybe some pads arranged vertically, and the acceptor has horizontal "wiping" contacts,
so it can slide along the door until it finds the pads by conductivity.
Materials for the levers etc?
Wood is probably sufficient.
Affixing wood to motors ?
Motors often have metal axles, maybe with a slot or flat bit, maybe with a gear.
A precise material like a dense wood, plastic, metal, can be shaped to fit around the slot or flat bit.
Imprecise materials could be affixed to a gear.
Maybe it is reasonable to glue to the axle.
Often there is an issue where the axle can't handle torque that is perpendicular to its direction of motion,
so it can be good to secure the object somewhere else on the motor.  That's hard when working with plain
rectangular prisms or hand-carved wood; it would make it time intensive.
Maybe I could find some existing motorized setups that can be screwed in place or something.
Motors with gears can be placed straight into the tracks, and the motor housing secured to the doorframe
or the arm.
The arm and the door itself have a linear-actuator issue, where they want to move along the depth axis linearly.
This could be solved with a DC motor and a lever, roughly approximating things, but there might be linear actuators
that could allow both ends to be affixed.

Note that although this is very exciting, I still need to solve testing to make use of it, because I'm going to
need to verify the solder seals are continuous.  This means generating a high-frequency signal, and measuring
the attenuation of the signal on the other side of the door.

It appears the function of linear actuators is generally to rotate a threaded shaft.  The object to be moved can then have internal threads, and be held to not rotate.
This is of course pretty similar to toothed tracks.  To re-use concepts, I could have depth tracks.  Might limit how close I can place the layers.
