goal 1: secure box that cannot be disassembled reasonably and dispenses nicotine
	only when some computer-verifiable condition has been met

further goals:
	- prevent removal of substance from body?
	- control quantity of nicotine precisely
	- concocts nicotine mixture automatically

== goal 0.1 ==
2018-10-28
I set up a soap dispenser and measured it.
I found it took 15 of the largest squirts to fill my canning jar to the 100 mL mark.
I found it took 17 of the largest squirts to reach the next 200 mL mark.
I'm assuming my canning jar has the first mark too low due to the round shape at the bottom.
This would make each squirt at most about 100/17 mL or around 5.88 mL.
I don't want to take more than 1mg of nicotine at a time, so I'll want to put 32 mg in a solution
that fills my canning jar to the 200 mL line.  That's 16 2mg lozenges, or 8 4mg lozenges.
2018-10-30
Most of the fluid went off my toothbrush.  Trying lower does.
At smallest does,
It took 37 squirts to reach a different jar's 100 mL mark.
It took 39 more squires to reach its next 200 mL mark.
It still mostly runs off the toothbrush!
Maybe I can use actual toothpate, or increase the thickness somehow.
1 mg / squirt: 37 mg to 100 mL.  Try 38.
2018-11-06
Dispenser got clogged when viscosity was high enough to stay on brush.
Options: - increase viscosity after dispensing, by e.g. mixing with toothpaste
	 - pursue drill bit inside powder approach, to push powder out of box in controlled manner
	 => mix with thickening powder after dispensing to increase viscosity for brushing
2018-11-25
Setting up dispenser again with thickening plan.  I have graduated cylinders to measure volume correctly.
I found that the volume dispensed depends on the volume loaded, with the amount decreasing as the pressure decreases.
Loaded		Small	Medium	Large

I found the smallest dispensing unit to usually dispen
I found the next larger dispensing unit to be 1.6 mL, maybe 1.7 mL occasionally
I found the largest dispending unit to dispense up to 4.3 mL, but sometimes down to only 4.0 mL
1.0 mL		1.6 mL		4.3 mL

1.8 mL
2.6 mL
3.4 mL
4.2 mL
5.0 mL
6.1 mL
7.0 mL
7.9 mL
8.6 mL
9.4 mL

1.4 mL
2.4 mL
3.3 mL
4.2 mL
5.0 mL
6.0 mL
6.9 mL
7.9 mL
8.8 mL
9.8 mL

48.8 mL
15.0 mL

FILL 33.8
START 1.6
1.67
2.2
2.7
3.1
3.4
4.4
5.0
5.9
6.6

PREFILL 48.5
DOFILL 8.0
FILL 40.5
PREFILL 46
DOFILL 10
FILL 76.5
START 1.6
2.2
2.8
3.4
4
4.3
5.4
6.2
7.2
7.9
8.7
9.7



== goal 1 ==
- cage or metal box
	apertures:
		- power
		- networking
		- nic liquid input (sealable to control vapor pressure)
			NOTE: internet says 100-250 micrograms/ml inhibit >=50% of most bacteria
		- nic liquid dispensing
		- camera / mic (could be via network, would help put energy into network streaming goal)
		- LCD display (could be via network)
			note: keeping networking very simple could help security
			      hacking this device could be very very bad
- single-board computer, maybe olimex; something stable
- soap dispenser with input for nic liquid
- USB camera with audio input?
- USB display? could be expensive ... could use tincanterm over ethernet

- determine dispenser lid threading and add check valve

SBC will run off of power, plug into network (similar to camera project)
and dispense N2.

NEXT: thinking of using olinuxino a20, got stuck picking display
		likely pick hdmi generic display for utility
		label that it requires display be grounded with 3rd AC pin
	-> i want to pick a pi but they seem so unstable
	   the linuxino advertises stability vs competitors, and is fully open source
	   but i have pis, and i'm low on money

: monologue 1
	How will device dispense n2?  opening a door is reasonable ... will need
some engineering to design dispensing.
Could have a hopper with a shutter on it.  How determine that n2 dispensed by
hopper in proper amount?
	-> could guess it based on shutter timing =/
	-> this could work with powder too; clumping could be an issue, but could
	   have a dessicant that's replaceable
There's a great answer to this question at https://robotics.stackexchange.com/questions/1259/how-to-measure-and-dispense-a-finite-amount-of-powder-or-liquid/1261#1261
which has a short url of https://robotics.stackexchange.com/a/1261

I'm thinking a box with a round hole at the bottom, with an augur bit that pushes things through the hole ...
Actually, after reading how much more precise liquid dosing can be, I'm thinking
hacking up a soap dispenser would be the way to go.  This is cheap and simple.
Will probably want a pipe to feed liquid into dispenser, with a valve on it to
keep it from drying out.
Sounds simple and doable.

: monolgue 2
the soap dispenser already has a sealable opening

I could have my device replace its power supply, and only power it when I am provided n2.
if I want the opening more secure, I can get maybe get something that matches the threading of the cap and
pipe it through my box, I guess, but it's not required for immediate start.

I guess I'd want to try to put some kind of valve on the lid to allow stuff to go in, but not come out

the dispenser requires 4 AAA batteries, which is 6V.  It would run off a 5V supply, almost certainly.

I can get a check valve for the lid to deter removal of liquid once I identify the lid threading.

since the soap dispenser is mostly good, we can plug the device into the battery compartment only.
really I'd just want a secure container for a single board computer; this may already be made for the
raspbery pi ... but i'm thinking it would be hard to find since i've looked for something similar before

somebody on net actually recommends securing pi in software, and e.g. supergluing ports.
Really I would want:
	- liquid cannot be removed from body
	- power cannot be applied to body

so I'd want to securely attach the power-controlling circuitry inside the soap dispenser.

I think it would be reasonable to secure the power-controlling circuitry with heavy-duty construction glue
onto / into the soap dispenser.
Maybe see if the bottom can be removed easily and wires directly connected to.

Perhaps a further question is how to design this circuitry .. I suppose a relay controlled by the pi would be
simple.

So we'd have three wires coming from the soap assembly to the rest of the world: ground, 5v supply, and 3v signal.
Toggling 3v signal makes the soap dispenser active.
That 3v signal will be tightly attached to the pi, I suppose using construction glue to secure it; but a pipe would
be better.

Maybe I could get a secure box and cut a circular hole in it with a drill and one of those wide bits.
Or I could weld something up with steel.

Mild steel is strong and easy to weld.  If I weld it then I can't unlock it to access the nicotine illegitimately.

- the biggest impediment to that is where to plug in the welder.  jim may not want it here.
   i could maybe plug it in on the wavr property.  i also do want to weld off a battery, so it could be a good
   reason to set that up.

ok; I'll try welding it.  maybe stainless so I can connect to the soap dispenser which appears to be of stainless steal.  dangerous as I have only one dispenser.

maybe i'll start with mild steel, and fit the dispenser inside a mild steel pipe, and construction glue it in
 after welding it all up and testing.

mild steel box to prevent tampering and provide some basic shielding

box can be small
can use network for access.

when device crashes, what then?  maybe good to have access to display and keyboard, to at least see what
went wrong even if it denies all input

okay, display will stick around.  so we'll want an inside-display.

look up olimex, freedombox recommendation

ok
	olinuxino a20 is open source single board computer, with eternal support from olimex
	default output is hdmi and serial.  can have direct lcd display, but good to be able to use default
	outputs to see messages if e.g. board resets or something
	maybe read the docs omre, likely you can use lcd for that
		- docs said hdmi monitor or serial, one of them, is required to begin use
		might be able to adjust it after start though	
	IF we end up needing either hdmi or serial ...
	hdmi: there's a bug where an ungrounded monitor can destroy the board, but it only happens if
		the board is connected to a grounded device
	      haven't readily found any open-source hdmi monitors
	serial: requires usb-serial converter, usb-iso prevents grounding problems
		then need serial adaptor for another computer, which can connect via terminal
		likely gives root access, but can be secured
		could also cut input wire to deny all access

======

Got my soap dispenser in mail.  Has a large circuit board that powers pump, controlled by button.

Attempt number one will be to wire an arduino to the power for the device, and to control the button.
The button controls volume.  Toggling it affects quantity and power.


