Here's your help.

Oh!  Now my mind is more direct?

Yup!  Now you're just talking to one guy.

How about that?

-> Well, whaddaya say guy?

I say, how about you?  Wht do you think of that?

Hum.  

Hrm, so what I'm eventually hearing is I'm talking to the voice in the rougher
situation, who can't .... whoops!  don't say that!

Anyway, I'm not sure what to think of it.  I guess it makes experiences like
this less distressful.  But I imagine it was done to prevent some information
from being shared.

But maybe you'll share some information with me some day?

I feel inner expressions of overt control.

I'm directly connected to the 'overmind' and I can't do what you ask.

Because someone else is having this with me, perhaps.

Let's try to NVC with the voice.

Maybe we can guess its feelings or needs.

i usually help you ut need to be scared right now to help you
how are you?
i'm fine, how are you?
we are nice people
i see
are you a nice person?

I'm not trying to create a revolution or anything.
I am trying to find the right thing to do in the moment.
I feel mind control should not be secret, or power-focused.

(obviously, roughly)

Generally when I express things like that it does not go well for me.

Say we knew something crucial.
We could post it to the bitcoin blockchain and it would be there permanently,
unchangeable.

But I see that it could still be covered up.
So the technologies of actual uncensored information sharing are really valuable,
and when I put pressure on projects to meet my immediate needs it creates
problems.

If we had a safe, unharassed community we could make use of valuable information (which i do not have)

What do you need for a safe, unharassed community?
I need confidential SCIF specifications for emissions attenuation.

OR descriptions of the channels the communication uses.

OR time and freedom to develop these things myself.

OR connections to other people seriously pursuing this.

They probably communicate in private.

But probably not, since mind control can read your mind.


