
John Branson office is 207-780-8611, 4116 .

-> John is NO LONGER BEING PAID to be my lawyer, but he was paid more than the hours he has worked and still has time for me.
   He is a nice guy.
-> John says that a trustee is required to act in the best interests of the benificiary and is not legally allowed to do things contrary
   to my interests.

[x] See if he is still functioning as my lawyer
   Says he was paid enough to still help some.

[x] Introduce concept of trust property rights to him
    -> idea I had was some kind of contract trustee must agree to and succeeding trustees must also agree to
    -> alternative john could work with the trust lawyer perhaps to change trust (Paul Bolger)
 [x] E-mail trust document to jbranson@bransonlawoffice.com says he will follow up within a week (by friday 2016-04-08)
    Trust document was missing even-numbered pages.  I sent an e-mail with them and my concerns to him 2016-04-01.
 [x] 2016-04-08 -> Ensure there is a next step from John and he either has or is retrieving the document
 [x] Document received from parents -> Send complete document to John.
      Sent it.  Didn't connect until 16:22 EDT 2016-04-13, which resolved with John calling Paul Bolger to check in about
      two items: 1. establishing that I might lease the house from the trust to have comparable rights to ownership
                 2. the clause in the trust stating it would not provide for me things provided by public funds
                    (housing is a conflict)
 [x] Need to call John to check in starting April 15th.  He may call back.
 [ ] John will call or email me.  If he doesn't call him April 29th (used to be 22nd, connected 25th)
 [ ] End goal #1: have a final "state of affairs" of best possible solution for my interests available working with this lawyer
 [ ] End goal #2: implement that solution if it is, or find another solution if it is not.  deciding factor is permanent
                  rights available with regard to property.

[~] Also on the backburner is followup for personal rights violations I may have had (falsely hospitalized by police in mass 'a danger for putting
    hands in pockets' -- this may indicate danger to police but is not a reason for forceful hospitalization; hospitalized transitionally longer than
    is legal in ME).  it's important to keep the feeling of empowerment to combat these kinds of things.
  This isn't a good task to give John as he is no longer being paid.  I think he is likely too expensive for me, but I could ask my parents to pay
  him again.

I'm calling him today 4/1 16:08 EDT.  The topic I intend to include is constructing a legal system to enforce that I have rights with regard
to the property offered me by the trust fund my mother is trustee of -- for example that a future trustee may not force me to leave.

Before calling (somewhat procrastinating) I will list other topics I've wanted to ask him, from my schedule document.


--
2016-04-13
  Trust doc implies nothing regard use of property; trustee would have final say.  _But_ it may only be used for my benefit.
  More, see TODO items above.

2016-04-15
  Calling John again ~ 11:21 EDT.  Whoops, I'm at SLR and I don't have a dialout code.  Tim lent me his.
  He hasn't had time to call my dad's trust lawyer yet, but he is on it.  He'll call or e-mail me when he does.
  I plan to check with him again in a week if I haven't heard from him.

2016-04-25 10:21 EDT
  Call again! He traded calls with Paul (last week was school vacation week, a lotta folks took time off) but hasn't connected with him yet.
  Says he's really sure he'll connect this week.
